feat: hmr integration (#95)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/dev/hmr-integration.mdx

---
title: hmrIntegration
---

> Until now, we recommended `watchIntegration` to enable HMR in development. However:

Reviewer: Is it even worth having this first paragraph?

I feel this should be a paragraph just in the update guide, but this page should just refer to `hmrIntegration` and the _new_ way of doing things.

People who have never used either don't need to know the history

Author: I think it's fine to keep it here for a few releases, then we'll just move it to the upgrade guide

> - This can cause perf issues because paths would be also watched once the integration is consumed from npm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This can cause performance issues because your integration would be also watched when the integration is used by your users.
```

> - It doesn't work with a build step, that we highly recommend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't work with a build step, which we highly recommend.
```

From now on, we recommend that you use dynamic imports in your local playgrounds, alongside the new `hmrIntegration`

> exported from `astro-integration-kit/dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integration exported from `astro-integration-kit/dev`.
```

```ts title="package/src/integration.ts" del={3-4,10,13}
import {
    defineIntegration,
    createResolver,
    watchIntegration
} from "astro-integration-kit"

export const integration = defineIntegration({
    // ...
    setup() {
        const { resolve } = createResolver(import.meta.url)
        return {
            "astro:config:setup": (params) => {
                watchIntegration(params, resolve())
            }
        }
    }
})
```

```ts title="playground/astro.config.mjs" del={2} ins={3-5,10-12}
import { defineConfig } from "astro/config";
import packageName from "package-name"
import { createResolver } from "astro-integration-kit";
import { hmrIntegration } from "astro-integration-kit/dev";
const { default: packageName } = await import("package-name");

export default defineConfig({
	integrations: [

> 		packageName(),
>         hmrIntegration({
>             directory: createResolver(import.meta.url).resolve("../package/dist")
>         })
> 	],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		packageName(),
		hmrIntegration({
            		directory: createResolver(import.meta.url).resolve("../package/dist")
        	})
	],
```
